War Engines first pass (#28)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/shooting-at-war-engines.adoc

* A War Engine unit can become Immobilised -- and so even easier to hit -- as a result of *critical damage*.
* There is no target category for 'Immobilised War Engine in the open' -- instead, you simply roll as many hit dice as the total Firepower that you direct at the unit.
* If a target detachment contains both mobile and Immobilised War Engine units, then you may choose to shoot at only those that are Immobilised, if you wish.

> If you do this then you may allocate hits to the Immobilised units **only**.

Reviewer: Damn - in previous suggestion I accidentally inserted the GitHub double-asterisk markup for bold, rather than the Asciidoc single asterisk markup.

```suggestion
If you do this then you may allocate hits to the Immobilised units *only*.
```

* There is no target category for 'Immobilised War Engine in the open' -- instead, you simply roll as many hit dice as the total Firepower that you direct at the unit.

> 
> {blank}[TODO: Cross-reference the Firepower table, once we've added it. Also, we actually target detachments not units, and we need to clarify what happens when a War Engine detachment has a mix of Immobilised and non-Immobilised WE units.]
> {blank}[TODO: reply IJW, I think the easiest is to treat it as a detachment that's partially in cover - you can concentrate on the IMM units and get more dice, or potentially hit everyone and get fewer dice.]
> 
> If a detachment of War Engine units has a mix of mobile and immobilised units, then you may choose to shoot at only the units that are immobilised, if you wish. If you do this then, when you allocate hits later in this procedure, you may not allocate hits to any of the units that still mobile.

Reviewer: Good solution, makes sense to mirror the cover/not in cover situation. Just some tidy up to do, and a little rephrasing.

```suggestion
* If a target detachment contains both mobile and Immobilised War Engine units, then you may choose to shoot at only those that are Immobilised, if you wish.
If you do this then you may allocate hits to the Immobilised units **only**.
```

Author: For what it's worth, this was adapted directly from work-out-how-many-hit-dice-to-roll.adoc:

> If the target detachment has some units in cover and some in the open, then you may choose to shoot at only the units that are the open, if you wish. If you do this then, when you allocate hits later in this procedure, you may not allocate hits to any of the units that are in cover.

Reviewer: Yes, but that text is in the topic that actually does form part of 'this procedure'. The edits we're making here aren't actually in a topic that is 'in this procedure'.

== Allocation of hits in War Engine detachments

> Where the target detachment consists of more than one War Engine unit, allocate hits in the usual way. So allocate one hit to the nearest available target, then the next closest, and so on.
> // IJW editing note, I've tweaked this by copying text from S6 Allocate hits, to reinforce that you do the standard front-to-back hit allocation, one hit at a time.
> 
> {blank}[TODO: Clarify whether we allocate against initial or current Damage Capacity. Current, I presume?]
> {blank}[TODO: reply IJW, as originally written, neither. You allocate as if they were regular units.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where the target detachment consists of more than one War Engine unit, allocate hits in the usual way.
So, allocate one hit to the nearest available target unit, then the next nearest, and so on.
```

Note to self: We have a mix of 'closest' and 'nearest' at _S6 Allocate hits_, even in the same sentence. It's minor, but might as well update it to use a single term throughout the topic, and to match the edit I've made in this suggestion (that is, use 'nearest').

Author: Aye and aye.
